Debugging guide: Improve grammar and accuracy. (#47429)
rails/rails: guides/source/debugging_rails_applications.md

(rdbg)
```

You can exit the debugging session at any time and continue your application execution with the `continue` (or `c`) command. Or, to exit both the debugging session and your application, use the `quit` (or `q`) command.

### The Context

> After entering the debugging session, you can evaluate Ruby code as if you are in a Rails console or IRB.

Reviewer: The previous language here is more readable, lets revert

#### Breakpoint Options

> In addition to different types of breakpoints, you can also specify options to achieve a more advanced debugging workflow. Currently, the debugger supports 4 options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to different types of breakpoints, you can also specify options to achieve more advanced debugging workflows. Currently, the debugger supports 4 options:
```

This is really a nitpick, but I think making `workflow` plural sounds better.
